The
idea of eating for dessert came to me out of the blue.
I continued to feed the hens and let the sad ourselves drive and talk.
He stood up in a fight.
The Tsunekichi of Nakanishi
was carrying a large amount of medicine and a pillar.
He was smoking and watching.
Chukichi, do it properly.
I'll take care of the bones.
Listen, Chukichi, who is happy.
He was so brave that he was cut off.
The story changed and the fish came here and there.
The Kankichi of Maruyama
was wondering if the insects would know.
On top of the insects and Chukichi,
the Kankichi of Omoi, who was not able to do anything,
was carrying a large amount of medicine.
He ran to the Kankichi of Omoi.
He was in a fight.
He was so excited that he jumped into the house.
He was afraid that the insects would see him.
Chukichi, who was in the house,
was working with the Kankichi.
Oh, you're Chukichi, aren't you?
Chukichi was asked to forgive the Kankichi.
The Kankichi of Omoi said,
Please forgive the Kankichi.
He took the Kankichi's head and said,
I don't know what to say.
Chukichi, wait, please forgive the Kankichi.
If you don't forgive him,
the Kankichi who was watching by his side,
will you forgive him?
Chukichi laughed and said,
Chukichi, where are you?
I'll come back later.